>> Steve Kinney: So
what we wanna do is we want to wire up
the,
>> Steve Kinney: Let's do the number of
people container, right we might just
stick with one for now just to see.
So what we'll do is we will pull in,
>> Steve Kinney: This
connect function,
>> Steve Kinney: From
react-redux.
>> Steve Kinney: If you ever get mixed up
and type in redux react,
you will join legions of other people
who do the same thing, it's okay.
So we have connect, and
connect is going to wrap a component.
It's basically that higher
order component pattern,
that we saw yesterday, just kinda
bundled up really nicely for us.
And what connect does,
we wanna export the container, so
export default,
>> Steve Kinney: connect, and
connect basically we have these
high order component functions.
Before this actually creates
a higher component function, so
it's one level above that.
And it takes two functions that are put
together which is one called, and
you can technically call this whatever
you want cuz you're gonna create them.
mapStateToPrompts and
mapDispatchToProps.
>> Steve Kinney: And
you see these red lines cuz
we have not created these,
we have to create these, and basically,
you have that giant state tree, right?
A given component possibly doesn't care
of that specific about that entire stage,
it only cares about
a specific piece of it.
So mapStateToProps allows
you to take the entire tree,
just pluck off the pieces that you care
about, and pass them to the component.
One reason to do this,
if the tree is very large,
you don't wanna deal with the rest of it.
And two is props re-render the components,
so the less you pass in,
you're not gonna have needless re-renders.
And then mapDispatchToProps
creates an object with,
remember we bound those
action creators before?
It takes that and
passes it in, as well, right.
So basically, it creates a set of props
which are the state that you wanna have
and the actions that you wanna pass in.
And it gets ready to receive a component,
that will then wrap that in
a high order component pattern,
so you will have that ready to go, so
it will also take in some component.
We're gonna say Input right now cuz this
is the number of people container, so
we'll import that.
>> Steve Kinney: Input from'../,
>> Steve Kinney: components/Input.
So now I have no squiggly red line there,
and
what I do have two squiggly red lines for
is mapStateToProps and mapDispatchToProps.
One easy way to fix that
is to simply create them.
Now they're not squiggly.
>> Steve Kinney: This will error
at run time, because this is not what
these things are expecting to spit out,
which is nothingness.
But this is effectively what we
need to do to create this pattern.
So mapStateToProps takes the state.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll return a new object,
>> Steve Kinney: I mean,
if you wanna pass the entire state
reach through, you could do that.
But ideally,
we just wanna pick out one thing, so
if we look at the input component.
>> Steve Kinney: We can see
the input expects a label, but
it also expects this value, and
that's probably what we
care about the most.
So what we'll do is
we'll return an object,
>> Steve Kinney: That is gonna have
a value.
>> Steve Kinney: And the value can be,
in this case, State.numberOfPeople.
>> Steve Kinney: Right so,
now it'll create a prop that's called
value that will be mapped to that piece of
item and state.
And that's really all that
this one cares about,
and the other thing
we'll do is we'll import
updateNumberOfPeople.
>> Steve Kinney: From
the actions.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we want to go ahead and
say mapDispatchToProps.
And that will receive the stores
dispatch method, that we saw
before that passing the result of an
object, or an action creator to dispatch,
kicks off the entire process, so
this is the ability to dispatch things.
And again, we wanna return an object,
it's gonna take the object
return from mapStateToProps.
And the object that we return from
mapDispatchToProps combine them and
pass them in as the props to
whatever component you give
it.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so now we'll
just say return object that is, I thinks
its call onClick if I'm not mistaking,
or onChange on the input.
>> Steve Kinney: And
that will be,
>> Steve Kinney: That will
get a value.
>> Steve Kinney: And
it'll do updateNumberOfPeople
with that value.
>> Steve Kinney: I can call it either one,
I just have to call it the same thing.
So now this creates an object
that has a value, and
onChange, and
we're gonna pass it into the input field.
We know that the input also takes a label,
I would probably choose to do that
when I use this container component.
I would still pass in a label,
that prop will also be combined as well.
So the props you pass to
the component that we're creating as
well as these things from
redux will be passed in.
One thing I wanna point your attention
to real quick and then we'll review it,
is this creates a function that
then waits for a component.
And what this allows you to do is,
this could be like your with current user.
And then you could use that same container
that you are creating now, and use it for
multiple presentational components.
Which is a really powerful pattern that's
why it's broken up like this rather than
having three arguments in.
You can pass in the first two and
have a thing ready to wrap any component.
In this state and set of actions, and
then you can pass multiple components.
We don't have a use case for this example
but think about a current user, right?
There might be multiple presentation
components that wanna give the current
user to, so you could do something like,
>> Steve Kinney: withCurrentUser and
imagine that this is all stuff for
the current user.
And then we could say later,
>> Steve Kinney: Profile = withCurrentUser
and then our User Profile component.
And then if we wanted it for
something else, like a profile edit,
we could use the same with current user.
So we can create this thing ones,
we can use it for
multiple presentational components.
All right, very cool,
now let's actually discuss some of the
theory now that we've seen it in action.